[Docs-2.0] Remove unnecessary files from Building-Wasabi (#1035)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/building-wasabi/ContributionChecklist.md

- Explore the communication channels and find out what the peers are tinkering on, learn about the project and who is contributing in what way.
This will help you to find the interesting challenges you can work on.
- Follow [@WasabiWallet](https://twitter.com/wasabiwallet) on Twitter and subscribe to the [Wasabi YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCobsrSexTuVkL39mbrQ35VQ) to stay up-to-date.

> - Wasabi Research Club is a weekly meeting focused mostly on Bitcoin privacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wasabi Research Club is a weekly online call, focused mainly on Bitcoin privacy.
```

> Anyone is welcome to join the discussions, however being familiar with the topic, if there is such, is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everyone is welcome to join the discussions. However, being familiar with the topic (if there is such) is recommended.
```

> Everyone is welcome to join the discussions. However, being familiar with the topic (if there is such) is recommended.

Author: It's ok. I'll do it.

> Everyone is welcome to join the discussions. However, being familiar with the topic (if there is such) is recommended.

Reviewer 2: I meant should we remove that convention?

> Everyone is welcome to join the discussions. However, being familiar with the topic (if there is such) is recommended.

Author: Nah

> Discussions might be recorded and published later in Wasabi Wallet Youtube channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discussions might be recorded and published on the Wasabi Wallet [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/wasabiwallet) [channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/wasabiwallet).
```

Author: Why 2 separate links [Youtube] and [channel] to the same page?
Maybe just [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/wasabiwallet).

> You can find all the information, past recordings, slides, links, and much more [here](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WasabiResearchClub/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find past recordings, slides, links and more info related to the Wasabi Research Club [here](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WasabiResearchClub/).
```

Author: How about:

You can find the schedule, call link, past recordings and more from [Wasabi Research Club repository](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WasabiResearchClub/).

- Explore the communication channels and find out what the peers are tinkering on, learn about the project and who is contributing in what way.
This will help you to find the interesting challenges you can work on.
- Follow [@WasabiWallet](https://twitter.com/wasabiwallet) on Twitter and subscribe to the [Wasabi YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCobsrSexTuVkL39mbrQ35VQ) to stay up-to-date.
- Wasabi Research Club is a weekly online call, focused mainly on Bitcoin privacy.
Everyone is welcome to join the discussions. 

> However, being familiar with the topic (if there is such) is recommended.

Reviewer 2: I guess this should be:
```suggestion
However, being familiar with the topic (if there is any) is recommended.
```

Author: > I still think maybe we should keep the history of the previous contribution games.

I think we dont want to keep up and list all of them in docs.
I also don't think it's good for privacy reasons. 
There's some things that shouldn't be considered Contribution Games but things zkSNACKs rewards users for, like helping out in support or creating  GIFs. 
I have another PR waiting that changes things in ContributionChecklist and it includes mentioning all the current things users should contribute to and that they could get rewarded from.

It is not required to work on an existing issue to contribute to Wasabi, and no one is here to tell you what to do.
Contributors who have their own ideas are free to work in their own forks on whatever they wish, however they wish, and without any permission from anyone.

> With that said, it's a good idea to consult with other Wasabikas via Slack, GitHub, or other communication channels before setting out on any serious contribution effort. It might be helpful to make sure your contribution is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that being said, it's a good idea to consult with other Wasabikas via Slack, GitHub, or other communication channels before setting out on any serious contribution effort. It might be helpful to make sure your contribution is:
```

It is not required to work on an existing issue to contribute to Wasabi, and no one is here to tell you what to do.
Contributors who have their own ideas are free to work in their own forks on whatever they wish, however they wish, and without any permission from anyone.

> With that being said, it's a good idea to consult with other Wasabikas via Slack, GitHub, or other communication channels before setting out on any serious contribution effort. It might be helpful to make sure your contribution is:

Reviewer 2: If we should keep the one-sentence per line writing convention then this should be:
```suggestion
With that being said, it's a good idea to consult with other Wasabikas via Slack, GitHub, or other communication channels before setting out on any serious contribution effort.
It might be helpful to make sure your contribution is:
```

It is not required to work on an existing issue to contribute to Wasabi, and no one is here to tell you what to do.
Contributors who have their own ideas are free to work in their own forks on whatever they wish, however they wish, and without any permission from anyone.

With that being said, it's a good idea to consult with other Wasabikas via Slack, GitHub, or other communication channels before setting out on any serious contribution effort.
It might be helpful to make sure your contribution is:

> - something that the relevant maintainers would be likely to merge;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- something that the maintainers would be likely to merge;
```
